Grammatical sex is the concept, which can be found in a quarter of the world's entire language,
that you can sort all nouns in male or female. Leave or laugh in French. There, die or das in German,
where das is for neutrals (non-gender). On the sand found in a few countries in central Africa,
There are four gender bends: male of man, human of female, living and not living.
There are sometimes languages ​​with even more complicated systems.
Look, I'm a descriptive linguist. I'm not supposed to judge if linguistic properties are
good or bad, I'm just meant to describe what they do. But grammatical sex is just one
stupid concept. I hate myself a little bit to say it, but it's really silly. Well, that's [[FACT: The Linguistic Mafia will drive you by bus if you break your promise of descriptiveism.]]
a computer, or what, French? So it's male. All computers are male.
And it's a bottle, French, real? So it's female? All bottles are female? Seriously?
Should I dress it up in a cursed pink apron and just as well give it a rolling pin?
"Sigh" (Descriptiveism, Tom. Don't judge.)
I am exaggerating, but I have really tried to search the literature for some benefits
by grammatical sex. There is only a slight convincing argument, which is that it can
help clarify ambiguities and speed up recognition of words a little. Okay. But three quarters
of the world's languages ​​do just fine without it.
Meanwhile, grammatical sex causes damn many problems.
First problem: it affects the way you think. When asked to describe a key, it was German speaking
- who classifies "key" as male - most obviously to associate it with "hard," "heavy" and
"thanks," whereas Spanish speakers - who classify "key" as female - were more inclined to
to say it was "golden," "intricate" and "small". It also says a lot about gender roles in
society, but frankly, it's something I'm not qualified to talk about.
Second problem: it's really awkward. Job ads in language with grammatical gender is
need to use both terms or a peer marker to clarify that they are leading for any one.
Which brings me to English. English does not have grammatical sex - it once did
in Old English. We still have a few words such as "blonde" and "blonde" that change meaning
by sex, but we do not have to worry about having to fit everything into a box or the other.
However, we have the third person pronounced "he", "she" and "it". And that's a problem.
If I want to refer to you, the viewer, then I must use the placeholder "he or she". Which is ridiculous
For several reasons: one is an unmanageable three syllables, and that sounds awful. Thaw,
There are people who do not fit in, or will declare, neither of those categories
And if it surprises you, then you need to get more out. Since "it" is a bit dehumanizing, [[Source: the outside world]]
is there really no suitable place to use.
Except. English has a solution. And many people use it. And many
old-fashioned people hate it. The answer is "they".
Facebook uses "de". I signed up for Facebook before they started asking for sex, and
I have never actually told them I am a guy. So my friends will see "Tom Scott updated"
his (their) profile picture ". And you know what? It sounds perfectly good to me. It works
just normal now. It will depend on your dialect if it sounds good to you,
But be aware, because entals "they"? It spreads fast. I bet you didn't even notice
then you used in the very first sentence of this video. [[It's not true. I cut that line and forgot about this line. Oops.]]
And it has history. Even Shakespeare used it.
Even better, because "they" sound natural, handle that problem of trying to force
invented pronouns in English - which, let's be honest, never actually worked.
So there you have it. I have opposed my descriptor training and have said that a linguistic trait
is better than another.
And you know what? I'm fine with that. Because ... some people are "they". Get over it. (who apologized to Stonewall)
Translated by Gearear